Stop
Xi Shao, you are back.
What does it look like to move your hands and feet at an engagement party?
Everyone blames this woman
Today is Nian He Lily's engagement party
He's messing around here
We can't stand it.
It's this bitch
When I was in school, I hung out with wild men
There are wild species.
After all these years, nothing has changed.
No, no.
The captain passed on the wrong engagement party
I don't want to look at him.
Let go of me!
Western Han City
I didn't mean to interrupt your engagement party
I'm here to find Lily
He took my daughter
But how did I hear
You took the initiative to give your daughter to Lily
It was my initiative
But that's because you admitted it
Lily is right
You want to seduce men
At the risk of abandoning their children
What's the reason to come back now?
What nonsense are you talking about?
Still arguing
I saw that kid
Even in his dreams, he begged you not to abandon him
A woman like you
Unworthy to be a mother
Xi'an City Me
Xia Zhu
This time you sent it yourself
Don't change it.
Send you the last ride